# Requirements

* The goal of the assignment is to implement the board game, Go. The game shall be Internet-based; that is, players will be able to play each other from remote sites on the Internet. This application shall, therefore, take on a client/server structure, where each client supports one player’s view of the game while the server coordinates communication between players and orchestrates the sequence of events of the game.

* The server shall match two players seeking a game, and initiate a game consisting of those players. The board shall consist of an option of nine by nine, thirteen by thirteen, or nineteen by nineteen squares. The game shall allow players to choose what size board they wish to play on. The stones on the board shall be black and white, with the player using the black stones completing the first turn. The player using the white stones shall receive a handicap of 0.5 points for taking the second turn, as to prevent ties in the game. The game shall allow the players to choose between the two stone colours before starting. The game shall allow players to place one stone on the board at a time in a cycle until the game reaches its conclusion. The game shall allow players to “capture” the opponent's stone(s) once they have been surrounded the player’s stone. The game shall prevent players from placing stones such that they claim the other player’s stones in an infinite loop, known as the “Ko” Rule, or make an “illegal move” as per the rules of Go. The game shall also not allow players to make a “suicide” move, in which they will not be able to place a stone such that it will immediately be “captured”. The game shall also allow both players to “pass” their turns, if they chose not to make a move or there are no more valid moves for that player.

* There shall be two valid winning conditions. The first is that no more valid moves can be made and both players pass their turns. The second is that a player took more than five minutes to make a move, this is automatically a victory for the other player. If either of these conditions are reached, then the game shall finish and a victor is decided. A victor shall be decided by the number of stones that a player has on the board, added to the number of empty spaces that the player’s stones surrounds. When a victor is decided, that player’s win or loss count shall be incremented and then the game shall exit.
